[Actions][Docs] Moving subaction and subaction params back to README (#92878)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/plugins/actions/README.md

Kibana ships with a set of built-in action types. See [Actions and connector types Documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/action-types.html).

In addition to the documented configurations, several built in action type offer additional `params` configurations.

## ServiceNow

The [ServiceNow user documentation `params`](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/servicenow-action-type.html) lists configuration properties for the `pushToService` subaction. In addition, several other subaction types are available.
### `params`

| Property        | Description                                                                                        | Type   |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------ |

> | subAction       | The sub action to perform. It can be `pushToService`, `getFields`, `getIncident`, and `getChoices` | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subAction       | The subaction to perform. It can be `pushToService`, `getFields`, `getIncident`, and `getChoices`. | string |
```

> | subActionParams | The parameters of the sub action                                                                   | object |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subActionParams | The parameters of the subaction.                                                                   | object |
```

| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| incident | The ServiceNow incident.                                                                                      | object                |
| comments | The comments of the case. A comment is of the form `{ commentId: string, version: string, comment: string }`. | object[] _(optional)_ |

The following table describes the properties of the `incident` object.

| Property          | Description                                                                                                               | Type                |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| short_description | The title of the incident.                                                                                                | string              |
| description       | The description of the incident.                                                                                          | string _(optional)_ |

> | externalId        | The id of the incident in ServiceNow. If presented the incident will be update. Otherwise a new incident will be created. | string _(optional)_ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| externalId        | The ID of the incident in ServiceNow. If present, the incident is updated. Otherwise, a new incident is created. | string _(optional)_ |
```

> | severity          | The name of the severity in ServiceNow.                                                                                   | string _(optional)_ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| severity          | The severity in ServiceNow.                                                                                   | string _(optional)_ |
```

> | urgency           | The name of the urgency in ServiceNow.                                                                                    | string _(optional)_ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| urgency           | The urgency in ServiceNow.                                                                                    | string _(optional)_ |
```

> | impact            | The name of the impact in ServiceNow.                                                                                     | string _(optional)_ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| impact            | The impact in ServiceNow.                                                                                     | string _(optional)_ |
```

> | category          | The name of the category in ServiceNow.                                                                                   | string _(optional)_ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| category          | The category in ServiceNow.                                                                                   | string _(optional)_ |
```

> | subcategory       | The name of the subcategory in ServiceNow.                                                                                | string _(optional)_ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subcategory       | The subcategory in ServiceNow.                                                                                | string _(optional)_ |
```

#### `subActionParams (getFields)`

> No parameters for `getFields` sub-action. Provide an empty object `{}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No parameters for the `getFields` subaction. Provide an empty object `{}`.
```

#### `subActionParams (getIncident)`

| Property   | Description                           | Type   |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------- | ------ |

> | externalId | The id of the incident in ServiceNow. | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| externalId | The ID of the incident in ServiceNow. | string |
```

#### `subActionParams (getChoices)`

| Property | Description                                                  | Type     |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | -------- |
| fields   | An array of fields. Example: `[priority, category, impact]`. | string[] |

---

## Jira

The [Jira user documentation `params`](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/jira-action-type.html) lists configuration properties for the `pushToService` subaction. In addition, several other subaction types are available.
### `params`

| Property        | Description                                                                                                                                | Type   |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |

> | subAction       | The sub action to perform. It can be `pushToService`, `getIncident`, `issueTypes`, `fieldsByIssueType`, `issues`, `issue`, and `getFields` | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subAction       | The subaction to perform. It can be `pushToService`, `getIncident`, `issueTypes`, `fieldsByIssueType`, `issues`, `issue`, and `getFields`. | string |
```

> | subActionParams | The parameters of the sub action                                                                                                           | object |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subActionParams | The parameters of the subaction.                                                                                                           | object |
```

#### `subActionParams (pushToService)`

| Property | Description                                                                                                   | Type                  |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| incident | The Jira incident.                                                                                            | object                |
| comments | The comments of the case. A comment is of the form `{ commentId: string, version: string, comment: string }`. | object[] _(optional)_ |

The following table describes the properties of the `incident` object.

| Property    | Description                                                                                                      | Type                  |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |

> | summary     | The title of the issue                                                                                           | string                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| summary     | The title of the issue.                                                                                          | string                |
```

> | description | The description of the issue                                                                                     | string _(optional)_   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| description | The description of the issue.                                                                                   | string _(optional)_   |
```

> | externalId  | The id of the issue in Jira. If presented the incident will be update. Otherwise a new incident will be created. | string _(optional)_   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| externalId  | The ID of the issue in Jira. If present, the incident is updated. Otherwise, a new incident is created. | string _(optional)_   |
```

> | issueType   | The id of the issue type in Jira.                                                                                | string _(optional)_   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| issueType   | The ID of the issue type in Jira.                                                                                | string _(optional)_   |
```

| priority    | The name of the priority in Jira. Example: `Medium`.                                                             | string _(optional)_   |
| labels      | An array of labels. Labels cannot contain spaces.                                                                | string[] _(optional)_ |

> | parent      | The parent issue id or key. Only for `Sub-task` issue types.                                                     | string _(optional)_   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| parent      | The ID or key of the parent issue. Only for `Sub-task` issue types.                                                     | string _(optional)_   |
```

#### `subActionParams (getIncident)`

| Property   | Description                 | Type   |
| ---------- | --------------------------- | ------ |

> | externalId | The id of the issue in Jira | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| externalId | The ID of the issue in Jira. | string |
```

#### `subActionParams (issueTypes)`

> No parameters for `issueTypes` sub-action. Provide an empty object `{}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No parameters for the `issueTypes` subaction. Provide an empty object `{}`.
```

#### `subActionParams (fieldsByIssueType)`

| Property | Description                      | Type   |
| -------- | -------------------------------- | ------ |

> | id       | The id of the issue type in Jira | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| id       | The ID of the issue type in Jira. | string |
```

#### `subActionParams (issues)`

| Property | Description             | Type   |
| -------- | ----------------------- | ------ |

> | title    | The title to search for | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| title    | The title to search for. | string |
```

#### `subActionParams (issue)`

| Property | Description                 | Type   |
| -------- | --------------------------- | ------ |

> | id       | The id of the issue in Jira | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| id       | The ID of the issue in Jira. | string |
```

#### `subActionParams (getFields)`

> No parameters for `getFields` sub-action. Provide an empty object `{}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No parameters for the `getFields` subaction. Provide an empty object `{}`.
```

---
## IBM Resilient

The [IBM Resilient user documentation `params`](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/resilient-action-type.html) lists configuration properties for the `pushToService` subaction. In addition, several other subaction types are available.

### `params`

| Property        | Description                                                                                        | Type   |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------ |

> | subAction       | The sub action to perform. It can be `pushToService`, `getFields`, `incidentTypes`, and `severity` | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subAction       | The subaction to perform. It can be `pushToService`, `getFields`, `incidentTypes`, and `severity. | string |
```

> | subActionParams | The parameters of the sub action                                                                   | object |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subActionParams | The parameters of the subaction.                                                                   | object |
```

#### `subActionParams (pushToService)`

| Property | Description                                                                                                   | Type                  |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| incident | The IBM Resilient incident.                                                                                   | object                |
| comments | The comments of the case. A comment is of the form `{ commentId: string, version: string, comment: string }`. | object[] _(optional)_ |

The following table describes the properties of the `incident` object.

| Property      | Description                                                                                                                  | Type                  |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |

> | name          | The title of the incident                                                                                                    | string _(optional)_   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| name          | The title of the incident.                                                                                                 | string _(optional)_   |
```

> | description   | The description of the incident                                                                                              | string _(optional)_   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| description   | The description of the incident.                                                                                             | string _(optional)_   |
```

> | externalId    | The id of the incident in IBM Resilient. If presented the incident will be update. Otherwise a new incident will be created. | string _(optional)_   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| externalId    | The ID of the incident in IBM Resilient. If present, the incident is updated. Otherwise, a new incident is created. | string _(optional)_   |
```

> | incidentTypes | An array with the ids of IBM Resilient incident types.                                                                       | number[] _(optional)_ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| incidentTypes | An array with the IDs of IBM Resilient incident types.                                                                       | number[] _(optional)_ |
```

> | severityCode  | IBM Resilient id of the severity code.                                                                                       | number _(optional)_   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| severityCode  | IBM Resilient ID of the severity code.                                                                                       | number _(optional)_   |
```

#### `subActionParams (getFields)`

> No parameters for `getFields` sub-action. Provide an empty object `{}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No parameters for the `getFields` subaction. Provide an empty object `{}`.
```

#### `subActionParams (incidentTypes)`

> No parameters for `incidentTypes` sub-action. Provide an empty object `{}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No parameters for the `incidentTypes` subaction. Provide an empty object `{}`.
```

#### `subActionParams (severity)`

> No parameters for `severity` sub-action. Provide an empty object `{}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No parameters for the `severity` subaction. Provide an empty object `{}`.
```
